# Intuition
The **Boyer-Moore Voting Algorithm** is an efficient algorithm for finding the majority element in an array. It is based on the observation that if we cancel out each occurrence of a different element with the majority element, the majority element will still remain as the majority element.

# Code

```python
class Solution(object):
    def majorityElement(self, nums):
        majorityElement = 0
        count = 0
        for i in range (len(nums)):
            if count == 0:
                majorityElement = nums[i]
            if nums[i] == majorityElement:
                count += 1
            else:
                count -= 1
        return majorityElement
```

# Approach
1. Initialize two variables: `count` and `majorityElement`. Set `count` to 0 and `majorityElement` to an arbitrary value.
2. Iterate through the array `nums` from left to right.
3. For each element `num` in `nums`:
    - If `count` is 0, it means we currently don't have a majority element. Set `num` as the potential majority element, assign it to `majorityElement`, and increment `count` by 1.
    - If `count` is not 0 and `num` is equal to `majorityElement`, increment `count` by 1. This means we found another occurrence of the potential majority element.
    - If `count` is not 0 and `num` is different from `majorityElement`, decrement `count` by 1. This means we found an occurrence of a different element, which cancels out one occurrence of the potential majority element.
4. After iterating through the entire array, the `majorityElement` variable will hold the majority element.

The key insight of this algorithm is that the majority element will always remain as the majority element even after canceling out different elements. This is because the majority element appears more than `⌊n / 2⌋` times, while all other elements appear at most `⌊n / 2⌋` times. Thus, the majority element will dominate and persist as the majority even after canceling out different elements.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $O(n)$

Since the algorithm iterates through the array once, the time complexity is $O(n)$, where **n** is the size of the input array. This makes it a linear-time solution.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$

The algorithm only requires a constant amount of additional space to store the `count` and `majorityElement` variables, regardless of the input size. Hence, it satisfies the $O(1)$ space complexity requirement.
