# Intuition

The code begins by initializing three arrays: `prefix`, `suffix`, and `ans`, all of size `n`.

The `prefix` array stores the product of all elements to the left of the current element. It is initialized with all `1`s, and then each element is computed by multiplying the previous element in the array with the corresponding element in the `nums` array.

The `suffix` array stores the product of all elements to the right of the current element. It is also initialized with all `1`s, and then each element is computed by multiplying the next element in the array with the corresponding element in the `nums` array.

Finally, the `ans` array is computed by multiplying the corresponding elements from the `prefix` and `suffix` arrays. Each element in the `ans` array represents the product of all elements in `nums` except the current element.

# Code

```python
class Solution(object):
    def productExceptSelf(self, nums):
        n = len(nums)

        prefix = [1] * n
        for i in range(1, n):
            prefix[i] = prefix[i - 1] * nums[i - 1]

        sufix = [1] * n
        for i in range(n - 2, -1, -1):
            sufix[i] = sufix[i + 1] * nums[i + 1]

        ans = [1] * n
        for i in range(n):
            ans[i] = prefix[i] * sufix[i]

        return ans
```

# Approach

1. Initialize the `prefix` list with all elements set to 1. This list will store the product of all elements to the left of each element.
2. Iterate through the range from 1 to `n` (length of `nums`):
    - For each index `i`, calculate `prefix[i]` by multiplying the previous `prefix[i-1]` with the previous element of `nums` (`nums[i-1]`).
3. Initialize the `suffix` list with all elements set to 1. This list will store the product of all elements to the right of each element.
4. Iterate through the range from `n-2` to -1 with a step of -1:
    - For each index `i`, calculate `suffix[i]` by multiplying the next `suffix[i+1]` with the next element of `nums` (`nums[i+1]`).
5. Initialize the `ans` list with all elements set to 1. This list will store the final result.
6. Iterate through the range from 0 to `n`:
    - For each index `i`, calculate `ans[i]` by multiplying the corresponding `prefix[i]` with `suffix[i]`.
7. Return the `ans` list, which contains the product of all elements except the current element for each index.

# Complexity

- Time complexity: $O(n)$

Since each loop iterates through n elements once, the overall time complexity is $O(n)$.

- Space complexity: $O(n)$

The `prefix` list, `suffix` list, and `ans` list each require $O(n)$ space to store the product values for each element of `nums`.