# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
In order to solve this problem, we need to utilize the sorted order of the array to identify duplicates by comparing adjacent elements. We are going to maintain a count of unique elements **(k)** and update the array in-place by overwriting duplicates with new unique elements.

# Code
```py
class Solution(object):
    def removeDuplicates(self, nums):
        k = 1
        for i in range(1, len(nums)):
            if (nums[i] != nums[i-1]):
                nums[k] = nums[i]
                k += 1
        return k
```

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->
1. We first handle the base case where the input array `nums` is empty. In this case, there are no unique elements, so we return 0.
2. We initialize a variable `k` to 1, which represents the count of unique elements. We start with 1 because the first element is always unique.
3. We iterate through the array `nums` starting from the second element (index 1) using a `for` loop and the `range` function.
4. For each element at index `i`, we compare it with the previous element at index `i-1`. If they are not equal, it means we have encountered a new unique element.
5. In that case, we update the `nums` array at index `k` with the new unique element, and increment `k` by 1.
6. After the loop, we return the value of `k`, which represents the number of unique elements in `nums`.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $O(n)$
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
The time complexity of the given solution is $O(n)$, where n is the length of the input array `nums`. This is because we iterate through the array once with a `for` loop, comparing each element with its previous element. The number of iterations is directly proportional to the size of the input.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
The space complexity of the solution is $O(1)$ because we are modifying the input array in-place without using any additional data structures that depend on the size of the input. The space used remains constant regardless of the input size.