# Intuition

We observe that the h-index is determined by finding the maximum value of h such that there are at least h papers with h or more citations. This suggests that we need to iterate through the citations and keep track of the number of papers with a certain number of citations.

By sorting the citations in descending order, if the citation count is greater than or equal to the index, we know that there are at least index papers with index or more citations.

# Code

```python
class Solution(object):
    def hIndex(self, citations):
        # Sort the citations in descending order
        citations.sort(reverse=True)

        h_index = 0

        for i in range(len(citations)):
            if citations[i] >= i + 1:
                h_index = i + 1

        return h_index
```

# Approach

1. We start by sorting the `citations` array in descending order using the `sort`method with the `reverse=True` parameter. This allows us to easily determine the highest citation counts.
2. We initialize the `h_index` variable to 0. This variable will store the researcher's h-index.
3. We iterate through the sorted `citations` array using a `for` loop and an index variable `i`.
4. Inside the loop, we check if the current citation count (`citations[i]`) is greater than or equal to the current index plus 1 (`i + 1`). The index plus 1 represents the number of papers being considered.
5. If the condition is true, it means that the current citation count is equal to or exceeds the number of papers being considered. In this case, we update the `h_index` to the current index plus 1 (`i + 1`).
6. After iterating through all the citations, we have found the maximum value of `h`such that the researcher has published at least `h` papers that have each been cited at least `h` times.
7. We return the `h_index`.

# Complexity

- Time complexity: $O(n \ log \ n)$

The code first sorts the array, which takes $O(n \ log \ n)$ time complexity. Then, it iterates through the sorted array once, which takes $O(n)$ time complexity. Therefore, the overall time complexity is dominated by the sorting step.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$

The sorting is done in-place, meaning it does not require any extra space proportional to the size of the input array. The variables used in the function (such as `n` and `h_index`) require a constant amount of space regardless of the input size.