# Intuition

We need to iterate through the numbers from 0 to `n` and count the number of 1's in their binary representation. We are going to break down the problem into smaller subproblems by considering each number individually. By iterating through the numbers and examining their binary representation, you are able to count the number of 1's in each number's binary representation and store the counts in a list.

# Code

```python
class Solution:
    def countBits(self, n):
        ans = []

        for i in range(n + 1):
            number = i
            sum = 0

            while number != 0:
                sum += number % 2
                number = number // 2

            ans.append(sum)

        return ans
```

# Approach

1. Initialize an empty list `ans` to store the counts of 1's in the binary representation of numbers.
2. Iterate through the numbers from 0 to `n` (inclusive).
3. For each number `i`, initialize a variable `number` with the value of `i` and a variable `sum` with the value of 0. These variables will be used to calculate the count of 1's in the binary representation of `i`.
4. Enter a `while` loop that continues until `number` becomes 0.
5. Inside the `while` loop, add the remainder of `number` divided by 2 to the `sum`variable. This counts the number of 1's in the binary representation of `number`.
6. Update the value of `number` by performing an integer division by 2, effectively shifting the binary representation to the right by 1 bit.
7. Once the `while` loop ends, you have calculated the count of 1's in the binary representation of `i`. You append this count (`sum`) to the `ans` list.
8. After the loop finishes, you have processed all numbers from 0 to `n` and stored their binary representation counts in the `ans` list.

# Complexity

- Time complexity: $O(n \ log(n))$

The outer loop iterates from 0 to `n`, which takes $O(n)$ time. Within the loop, the while loop runs $log(n)$ times in the worst case. This is because at each iteration, the value of number is divided by 2, effectively shifting the binary representation to the right by 1 bit. So, it takes $log(n)$iterations for number to reach 0.

- Space complexity: $O(n)$

The `ans` list has a length of `n+1`, which takes $O(n)$ space.