# Intuition

We can reverse the entire array, then reverse the first `k` elements, and finally reverse the remaining `n-k` elements. This method allows us to achieve the desired rotation in linear time and using constant space. By reversing portions of the array, we effectively move the desired elements to their correct positions.

# Code

```python
class Solution(object):
    def reverse(self, nums, start, end):
        while(start < end):
            temp = nums[start]
            nums[start] = nums[end]
            nums[end] = temp
            start += 1
            end -= 1

    def rotate(self, nums, k):
        k = k % len(nums)
        self.reverse(nums, 0, len(nums) - 1)
        self.reverse(nums, k, len(nums) - 1)
        self.reverse(nums, 0, k - 1)
```

# Approach

1. We start with the `rotate` function that takes the array `nums` and the number of steps `k` as parameters.
2. To handle cases where `k` is larger than the size of the array, we calculate the effective rotation by taking the modulus of `k` with the size of the array: `k %= n`, where `n` is the size of `nums`.
3. The next step is to reverse the entire array. We use the `reverse` function to reverse the elements from index 0 to `n - 1`. This operation effectively rotates the entire array.
4. After reversing the entire array, we need to reverse the first `k` elements. Again, we use the `reverse` function to reverse the elements from index 0 to `k - 1`. This step ensures that the first `k` elements are in their correct rotated positions.
5. Finally, we reverse the remaining elements from index `k` to `n - 1`. This step ensures that the remaining elements are also in their correct rotated positions.
6. The array `nums` now contains the rotated elements, and the function returns.

# Complexity

- Time complexity: $O(n)$

The solution has a time complexity of $O(n)$, where n is the size of the input array `nums`. The three calls to the `reverse` function take $*O(n)*$ time in total. Reversing the entire array, reversing the first `k` elements, and reversing the remaining elements all require traversing a portion of the array once. Therefore, the overall time complexity is linear in the size of the array.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$

The rotation is performed in-place, meaning the modifications are made directly on the input array `nums` without requiring any additional space that scales with the size of the array. The only extra space used is for a few integer variables to store indices and temporary values, which do not depend on the size of the input.