# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
The problem requires removing duplicates from a sorted array in such a way that each unique element appears at most twice. The order of the elements should be maintained. We need to perform the removal operation in-place, without using any extra space.

# Code
```python
class Solution(object):
    def removeDuplicates(self, nums):
        if not nums:
            return 0
    
        count = 1   # Count of current element
        index = 1   # Index to place the next unique element

        for i in range(1, len(nums)):
            if nums[i] == nums[i - 1]:
                count += 1
            else:
                count = 1
        
            if count <= 2:
                nums[index] = nums[i]
                index += 1
    
        return index
```

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->
1. First, we check if the input vector `nums` is empty. If it is empty, there are no elements, so we can directly return 0.
2. We initialize two variables: `count` and `index`.
    - `count` keeps track of the count of the current element. It is initialized to 1 because the first element is always considered unique.
    - `index` indicates the position where the next unique element should be placed. It is initialized to 1 because the first element remains unchanged.
3. We iterate over the array starting from the second element (index 1) using a `for` loop.
    - At each iteration, we compare the current element, `nums[i]`, with the previous element, `nums[i - 1]`.
    - If they are the same, it means we have encountered a duplicate element, so we increment the `count`.
    - Otherwise, the current element is different from the previous one, so we reset the `count` to 1.
4. After determining the count of the current element, we check if it is less than or equal to 2. If so, we consider it as a valid element to keep.
    - We update the element at the `index` position with the current element. Since the array is sorted in non-decreasing order, this ensures that the relative order of the elements is maintained.
    - After updating the element, we increment the `index` to point to the next position where the next unique element should be placed.
5. Once we finish iterating over all elements, the value of `index` represents the number of elements after removing duplicates. We return this value from the function.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $O(n)$
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
The solution iterates over the input array once, so the time complexity is $O(n)$, where n is the number of elements in the array.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
The solution uses only a constant amount of extra space for the variables count and index. Therefore, the space complexity is $O(1)$, which means it requires constant space regardless of the size of the input array.