# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
We iterate over each element of the `nums` array. If an element is not equal to `val`, we move it to the front of the array and increment the count `k` of non-`val` elements. At the end, `k` will represent the number of elements in `nums` that are not equal to `val`.

Note that the solution modifies the input array `nums` in-place and returns the count `k`. The order of the elements may change, but the remaining elements of `nums` are not important.

# Code
```py
class Solution(object):
    def removeElement(self, nums, val):
        k = 0   # Number of elements not equal to val

        for i in range(len(nums)):
            if nums[i] != val:
                nums[k] = nums[i]   # Move non-val element to the front
                k += 1  # Increment count of non-val elements
                
        return k
```

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->
1. We define the function `removeElement` that takes a reference to a vector of integers (`nums`) and an integer value (`val`) to remove.
2. We initialize the variable `k` to 0, which will represent the number of elements in `nums` that are not equal to `val`. This variable will be incremented whenever we encounter a non-`val` element.
3. We iterate over each element of the `nums` array using a `for` loop. The loop variable `i` represents the current index.
4. Inside the loop, we check if the current element `nums[i]` is not equal to `val`. If the condition is true, it means we have encountered a non-`val` element.
5. In that case, we move the non-`val` element to the front of the array by assigning it to the position `nums[k]`. Since we are modifying the array in-place, this operation effectively swaps the element at index `i` with the element at index `k`, where `k` is the number of non-`val` elements encountered so far.
6. After moving the element, we increment the count of non-`val` elements by incrementing `k`.
7. Once the loop completes, we have processed all the elements in the `nums` array. The variable `k` now represents the number of elements that are not equal to `val`.
8. Finally, we return `k` as the result of the function.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $O(n)$
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
The solution iterates over each element in the input array `nums` exactly once, where `n` is the length of the array. Therefore, the time complexity is linear with respect to the size of the input array.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
The solution modifies the input array in-place, without using any additional data structures that scale with the input size. The only additional space used is the variable `k` to keep track of the count of non-val elements. Regardless of the size of the input array, the space used remains constant. Hence, the space complexity is constant, or $O(1)$.