# Intuition

The main idea is to identify the price differences between consecutive days where the price is increasing. By buying on a day when the price is lower and selling on a day when the price is higher, we can make a profit.

By considering all the increasing price differences, the algorithm accumulates the maximum profit that can be achieved by buying and selling the stock. The code avoids considering any decreasing price differences since they would not result in a profit.

# Code

```py
class Solution {
    func maxProfit(_ prices: [Int]) -> Int {
        var maxProfit = 0

        for i in 1..<prices.count {
            if(prices[i] > prices[i-1]) {
                maxProfit += prices[i] - prices[i-1]
            }
        }

        return maxProfit
    }
}
```

# Approach

1. `max_profit` is initialized as 0. This variable will store the maximum profit that can be achieved.
2. The loop iterates over the range from 1 to the length of the `prices` list. This loop starts from the second day (index 1) because we compare each day's price with the previous day's price.
3. Inside the loop, the code checks if the current day's price (`prices[i]`) is greater than the previous day's price (`prices[i - 1]`).
4. If the current price is greater, it means we can make a profit by buying on the previous day and selling on the current day. The code calculates the profit by subtracting the previous day's price from the current day's price: `prices[i] - prices[i - 1]`.
5. The calculated profit is added to the `max_profit` variable.
6. The loop continues until all days have been processed.
7. Finally, the function returns the `max_profit` value, which represents the maximum profit that can be achieved by buying and selling the stock based on the given prices.

# Complexity

- Time complexity: $O(n)$

The time complexity of the provided code is $O(n)$, where `n` is the number of elements in the prices list. This is because we iterate through the list once in a single for loop.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$

The space complexity of the code is $O(1)$ because we only use a constant amount of additional space. We use a single variable, `max_profit`, to store the maximum profit. Regardless of the size of the input, the amount of space used remains constant.