# Intuition

To solve this problem, we need to find the maximum profit that can be achieved by buying and selling a stock. My intuition was to iterate through the prices and keep track of the minimum price seen so far (`minPrice`). At each iteration, I would calculate the potential profit if we sell at the current price and update the maximum profit (`maxProfit`) if a higher profit is found.

The key idea behind this approach is to find the lowest price to buy the stock and the highest price to sell it. By updating `minPrice` whenever a lower price is found and calculating the potential profit for each day, we can identify the maximum profit that can be achieved.

By iterating through the prices and updating the minimum price and maximum profit accordingly, we can find the maximum profit in a single pass through the array. This approach avoids the need for nested loops or excessive computations, resulting in an efficient solution to the problem.

# Code

```python
class Solution(object):
    def reverse(self, nums, start, end):
        while(start < end):
            temp = nums[start]
            nums[start] = nums[end]
            nums[end] = temp
            start += 1
            end -= 1

    def rotate(self, nums, k):
        k = k % len(nums)
        self.reverse(nums, 0, len(nums) - 1)
        self.reverse(nums, k, len(nums) - 1)
        self.reverse(nums, 0, k - 1)
```

# Approach

1. We initialize two variables: `maxProfit` to 0 (representing the maximum profit we can achieve) and `minPrice` to `prices[0]` (representing the minimum price seen so far).

2. For each day, we check if the current price (`prices[i]`) is lower than the minimum price (`minPrice`). If it is, we update `minPrice` to the current price since it represents a potential buying opportunity.

3. Next, we calculate the potential profit if we sell at the current price (`profit = prices[i] - minPrice`).

4. We compare the potential profit with the current maximum profit (`maxProfit`). If the potential profit is greater, we update `maxProfit` with the new value.

5. After iterating through all the prices, we have the maximum profit stored in the `maxProfit` variable.

6. Finally, we return the maximum profit.

# Complexity

- Time complexity: $O(n)$

We iterate through the vector once to find the minimum price and calculate the potential profit for each day. Since we perform a constant amount of work for each day, the time complexity is linear with respect to the size of the input.

- Space complexity: $O(1)$

We use a constant amount of extra space to store the variables `maxProfit` and `minPrice`. Regardless of the size of the input, the amount of additional space required remains constant. We do not use any data structures that grow with the input size